Explicitly allow returing `void` from async (#1202)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/effective-dart/design.md

### DO use `Future<void>` as the return type of asynchronous members that do not produce values.

When you have a synchronous function that doesn't return a value, you use `void`
as the return type. The asynchronous equivalent for a method that doesn't
produce a value, but that the caller might need to await, is `Future<void>`.

You may see code that uses `Future` or `Future<Null>` instead because older
versions of Dart didn't allow `void` as a type argument. Now that it does, you
should use it. Doing so more directly matches how you'd type a similar
synchronous function, and gives you better error-checking for callers and in the
body of the function.

> For asynchronous functions that do not return a useful value and do not need to

Reviewer: "do not need" implies the wrong default. Async functions should almost always return a future. The only time they shouldn't is if they are OK with *no* caller ever being able to await the work.

How about "For asynchronous functions that do not return a useful value and where no callers need to await the asynchronous work or handle an asynchronous failure..."

?

Author: Good suggestion. Done.

### DO use `Future<void>` as the return type of asynchronous members that do not produce values.

When you have a synchronous function that doesn't return a value, you use `void`

> as the return type. The asynchronous equivalent for a method which does not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as the return type. The asynchronous equivalent for a method that doesn't
```

> produce a value, but should have the work awaited, is `Future<void>`.

Reviewer 2: Is "should" required here? Mightn't it be optional? If so, maybe:
...but that the caller might need to await, ...

Author: Yeah it is optional. Will take your suggested wording.

> produce a value, but that the caller might need to await, is `Future<void>`.

Reviewer 3: Maybe "await on"? @kwalrath WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I had to look this up to be sure, but "await" as a verb already has an implied preposition—it's the equivalent of "wait for". So we wouldn't need the "on".

You may see code that uses `Future` or `Future<Null>` instead because older
versions of Dart didn't allow `void` as a type argument. Now that it does, you
should use it. Doing so more directly matches how you'd type a similar
synchronous function, and gives you better error-checking for callers and in the
body of the function.

> For functions which are "fire and forget", which will neither return a useful

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For functions that are "fire and forget", which neither return a useful
```

value nor need to have their asynchronous work finished before the caller

> continues, use a return type of `void`.

Reviewer 3: I'd drop the "fire and forget" (I don't think that we are trying to define/re-enforce the definition of such a term), and make it clear that we're talking about `async` functions (even if we are in a section discussing asynchronous members). How about:

> For async functions that do not return a useful value and do not need to have their asynchronous work awaited on, use a return type of `void`.

Reviewer 2: I thought functions marked `async` automatically had Future return values. Plus maybe we don't want to imply that this applies only to those kinds of functions. Instead of "async", should we say "asynchronous"?

Reviewer 3: Oh yes, sorry, I meant "asynchronous".

Author: Done

> containues, use a return type of `void`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
continues, use a return type of `void`.
```
